---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

Although I have not taken very many of my CS courses yet, this class continues to be the most practical I’ve taken so far. Learning about different Python features is good, but learning sensible ways to use them is even better. I really like that the punchline after seeing different implementations for something is to see just how much faster the built-in version is. Also I’m much more comfortable using Git now, even with my previous experience with Mercurial. I wouldn’t call myself a power user or anything, but the increasing familiarity is enjoyable.

I’m getting a better handle on the quizzes, so that’s encouraging. Somewhat obviously in retrospect, the key for me is to understand how to implement/trace whatever Python code we learned about in the previous lecture. Still, the overall pace of the class seems pretty breakneck. Maybe that feeling comes from the accelerated summer schedule more than anything else. We’re learning new things really quickly, but at least we put it to use almost immediately.

The big three-part project looms pretty large in my imagination. Everything I’ve seen so far says that we’ll have the tools we need before we get there, but we’ll still have to put in a ton of work in a short amount of time. Plus the upcoming test! I believe we learned it will be all coding, at least. I can’t tell if I think that’s a positive or a negative. I suppose we’ll find out more after we finish Project 2.

**Tip of the week**

Article - [How to Install Linux on a Chromebook and Unlock Its Full Potential](http://lifehacker.com/how-to-install-linux-on-a-chromebook-and-unlock-its-ful-509039343)

I own a Windows laptop, but I do all of my CS work on a Chromebook running Ubuntu via Crouton. If anyone else has a Chromebook and hasn't tried Crouton yet, it's absolutely worth the effort and the above tutorial helped me a lot. If you do decide to try this, be sure to install [crouton integration](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/crouton-integration/gcpneefbbnfalgjniomfjknbcgkbijom) afterwards so you can have the option of running Ubuntu in a window instead of fullscreen-only.
