---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

The increasingly advanced features we’re adding as part of the project provide increasingly frustrating problems to overcome. Once again poorly documented tools make things much more difficult than they need to be. I suppose that this is why many people choose to buy an integrated set of tools for making a whole website, rather than piecing together a functioning site via multiple free tools.

I don’t feel like I got much value from Wednesday’s talk from the guys from Atlassian. I spent a year and a half working in a very similar Agile environment, so I already knew the basics they were describing plus a lot more. Even though they said they were not trying to present a sales pitch, it was hard to ignore how one of the overall themes of the presentation was “Look how easy our tools make all of this.” I really enjoyed the talk from the Rackspace engineer back when we had that, as it was equal parts directly useful and surprisingly genuine. Compared to that Rackspace talk, Wednesday did not hold up well.

Working on this project has taught me an incredible amount, but I will admit that I am ready to be done. The amount of work required to do a job that I feel is good enough is staggering, especially as people’s schedules don’t sync up regarding being in the lab at the same time. I know that this has been an incredibly valuable experience, even if it’s difficult to see that at 3:00 AM after wrangling with PostgreSQL all day.

**Tip of the week**

Useful Tool - [Sublime Haskell](https://github.com/SublimeHaskell/SublimeHaskell)

For anyone who, like me, just started the Programming Languages course, I strongly recommend getting Sublime Text and adding SublimeHaskell. Use [this helpful tutorial](http://tonylawrence.com/blog/2014/01/01/configuring-your-haskell-environment/) to get set up, and then you can do things like use Ctrl+B to save, build, and execute your code all at once.
