---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

When I read the syllabus the night before the first day of class, I was rather intimidated. The list of tools, programs, and services we will use included lots of unfamiliar names, or else names that I only have a passing familiarity with. I figured I would need to do a lot of work to not get left behind almost immediately. 

Now that we’ve actually had a few classes, I have a better sense of what’s going on. Going through the Python and Javascript code is especially useful, since I don’t have much experience with either language. At least for me, the chance that I could get called on at any time keeps me much more focused than in classes that don’t use such a Socratic method. Of course, I did manage to get part of my answer wrong the one time I was called on. The fear of looking stupid in front of everyone is a powerful motivator for next time.

I haven’t gotten the knack of the quizzes yet. Using my laptop instead of my phone made interacting with Top Hat much easier, so that helped. But content-wise, I’m not absorbing the parts of the material that end up in the quiz questions. I need to change up my preparation somehow.

So, so much of what we’re learning about syncs up with what I used to see at work. I don’t know if any employers use every single bit of Extreme Programming, but pieces and general concepts came up at every company I’ve worked for so far. Based on how practically useful everything is so far, my wife was right to recommend I take this course.

**Tip of the week**

Article - [Build a Blog with Jekyll and GitHub Pages](http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2014/08/01/build-blog-jekyll-github-pages/)
This article was instrumental in helping me get this blog up and running. If you’re in my class and you haven’t submitted your blog yet, I highly recommend that you check out the resources in that article.

